::::::::::::::
a11a
::::::::::::::
You are very kind to say so.
She was stupid to make such a mistake.
Adolf was foolish to agree to the proposal.
Adolf was unwise to lend money to Anne.
Mary was naughty to pull the kitten's tail.
The boys were clever to see the solution of the problem so quickly.
You were wrong to contradict the professor.
It was careless of you to leave your umbrella in the train.
How ill-natured of her to say such things about you!
How brave of you to go into the burning building to save the cat!
It was good of Anne to offer to help.
It's wicked of them to say such things.





::::::::::::::
a12a
::::::::::::::
We were sorry not to see you at the meeting.
Everybody was anxious to know what had happened.
The children were impatient to start.
I shall be happy to accept your kind invitation.
She's quite content to live at home with her parents.
You're not afraid to go alone, are you?
Anne was eager to please her parents.
I'm glad to know you were successful.
No one could be happier to learn of your success than I am.





::::::::::::::
a13a
::::::::::::::
We were delighted to hear of your success.
We were grieved to learn of your husband's death.
Your father will be pleased to see you after your long absence.
She was thrilled to learn that she had won a prize.
He was mortified to learn that he had not been elected.
She is disappointed to know that you won't be able to come to her birthday party.





::::::::::::::
a14a
::::::::::::::
Adolf parents are anxious for him to receive a good education.
Anne is not keen for their only daughter to marry a poor school teacher.
I should be sorry for you to think I don't value your advice.
I'm quite willing for your brother to come with you.
Everyone is anxious for you to accept the position.
The children were impatient for the bus to start.
Anne was eager for her parents to meet the young man who
   had asked her to marry him.





::::::::::::::
a15a
::::::::::::::
You are certain to need help.
Are you ready to start.
The weather is sure to be wet.
The old man is unfit to work.
Is the house fit to live in?
He is slow to sympathize with others.
He was prompt to act.
Was he willing to listen to your arguments?
He was quick to realize his advantage.
Our team is bound to win.
Which team is likely to win?
You were lucky to escape being hurt.
I am unable to go today.
She is fortunate to have such a kind husband.
Who was the first to arrive? 
Cast iron is apt to break.
We are liable to be overheard here.





::::::::::::::
a16a
::::::::::::::
Will you be kind enough to help me with this heavy box?
Will you be so kind as to lend me your pen?
This book is too large to go in my pocket.
This book is small enough to go in my pocket.
I've been too busy to write.
They were too tired to go any farther.
We were near enough to see everything.
We were too far away to see anything.
You are old enough to know better.
The child is too young to go to school.





::::::::::::::
a17a
::::::::::::::
The box is too heavy for you to lift.
They were standing near enough for us to overhear their conversation.
This town is far too wicked for a young and innocent girl
   like you to live alone in.
He was then a tiny boy. Now he is too big for it to be
  desirable that I should mention his name.





::::::::::::::
a18a
::::::::::::::
This room is difficult to heat. 
The paths were easy to find. 
Has he been easy to get along with? 
The story of their sufferings was painful to listen to.
Such extreme poverty must be hard to bear. 
She says her husband is hard to please. 
The river is dangerous to bathe in. 
Your question is impossible to answer. 
Will the examination be hard to pass? 





::::::::::::::
a19a
::::::::::::::
This nut is hard to crack. 
This room is pleasant to work in. 
That question is hard to answer. 
That man is impossible to work with. 
She's pleasant to talk to. 





::::::::::::::
a21a
::::::::::::::
Are you afraid of the dog?
Aren't you ashamed of your behaviour?
The doctors say that milk is good for you.
The doctor told me that smoking is bad for me.
I'm quite ignorant of their plans.
He was angry with her for having broken her promise.
The supply is not adequate to the demand.
Be more accurate in your work.
Inaccuracy is productive of error.
He was not aware of having done wrong.





::::::::::::::
a22a
::::::::::::::
You are forgetful of the fact that eart has the form of valise.
I am ignorant of what they intend to do.
Inaccuracy is productive of error.
Your work is deserving of praise.
Do not be envious of your neighbours.
He is desirous of obtaining a good situation in the civil service.
The old man is dependent upon the earnings of his children.





::::::::::::::
a31a
::::::::::::::
Are you aware that you are sitting on my hat?
Are you sure that he's honest?
She is glad that you are not going abroad.
I'm sorry that you can't come.
They were disappointed that you were unable to come.
I'm afraid I don't know...
We were all anxious that you should return.





::::::::::::::
a32a
::::::::::::::
I'm not certain where this ought to be put.
They were uncertain whether they ought to start.
Me is doubtful whether he can afford it.
Is your father aware how you've been behaving during his absence?
We felt curious how he would receive the suggestion.
I am ignorant whom I have the honour to address.
I'm not sure why he wants it.
We were worried about where you had got to.
Be careful how you cross the street.
He's very fussy how his meals are cooked.
I'm not quite sure how to do it.





